# secondary

This repository contains codes by Kanaya Malakar to make aesthetic design using python. There are six different codes for six different patterns or 'drawings'.

alpana.py : 
	This code generates an 'Indian mandala' or geometric pattern. The pattern changes radially outward and also has an angular dependence. The basic mathematics used for generating this is plotting a nice-looking mathematical function like sine or folium over a small region and rotate the small unit through many angles to cover 360 degrees. So that the curve closes on itself and makes an artistic pattern.

butterfly.py : 
	This code runs on turtle. The turtle is instructed to describe arcs of certain radii to form a beautiful butterfly. The porgram then randomly places these butterflies in different sizes, orientations and colors on a light blue sparkling background to create a picture of a flutter of butterflies taking flight into a cheerful suuny morning sky.

draw.py : 
	This code plots basic mathematical curves like sine, exponential, logarithm etc. and join them skilfully to make the illusion of a woman's face.

home.py : 
	Yet another python-turtle code which makes the turtle to draw straight lines and arcs to make a scenery of a cottage with a small fence and a tree.

kaleidoscope.py : 
	This code makes kaleidoscopic frames. The patterns are generated by mathematically reflecting dots in one cell on an array of three mirrors placed like a prism. The color scheme is wisely chosen to make the reflections realistic.

xmas.py : 
	This is a turtle code that draws a x-mas tree , decorates it with tinsels, balls, candles, and finally makes a soft snowfall.
